README.md, before:

<p align='center'>
<img src='media/README_MEDIA/ahcanvas.png'>
</p>

<h1>A&H Canvas</h1>


A&H Canvas is a website built on Django using Python, JavaScript, HTML and CSS. The site is a full B2C ecommerce website for a fictional business. The business sells photographic prints in different canvas sizes for wall mounting. Users of the site can search for products via manual keywords search, filter by category or browse through all products available. Users can select different quantities of products in the different canvas buying options and add them to their shopping bag, proceed through a purchase. Users can register for an account to store their information on for easier selction upno next time they check out. Registered users can also see an order history so they can track their orders. The business owner can add, edit and remove products from the site without accessing the admin interface. 

The site provides role based permissions for users to interact with a central dataset. It includes user authentication, email validation, Full CRUD functionality for approved users for editing, adding and deleting Products and Combinations.

<h2 align='center'><img src='responsive'></h2>

[View the live project here.](https://www.ahcanvas.heroku.com/)

## User Experiences (UX)

### User Stories

<p align='center'><img src='media/README_MEDIA/User-Stories.jpg'>

## Functional Scope

### Entity relationship Diagram

<p align='center'><img src='media/README_MEDIA/Entity-Relationship.jpg'></p>

### Databases 

<p align='center'><img src='media/README_MEDIA/database-model.jpg'></p>

## Structure

### Wireframes
#### Home Page

<p align='center'><img src='media/README_MEDIA/home-page-wireframe.jpg'></p>

#### Product Details 

<p align='center'><img src='media/README_MEDIA/product-details-wireframe.jpg'></p>

Commit message:

updates to read me file

README.md, after:

<p align='center'>
<img src='media/README_MEDIA/ahcanvas.png'>
</p>

<h1>A&H Canvas</h1>


A&H Canvas is a website built on Django using Python, JavaScript, HTML and CSS. The site is a full B2C ecommerce website for a fictional personal business. The business sells photographic prints in different canvas sizes for wall mounting. Users of the site can search for products via manual keywords search, filter by category or browse through all products available. Users can select different quantities of products in the different canvas buying options and add them to their shopping bag, proceed through a purchase. Users can register for an account to store their information on for easier selction upno next time they check out. Registered users can also see an order history so they can track their orders. The business owner can add, edit and remove products from the site without accessing the admin interface. 

The site provides role based permissions for users to interact with a central dataset. It includes user authentication, email validation, Full CRUD functionality for approved users for editing, adding and deleting Products and Combinations.

<h2 align='center'><img src='responsive'></h2>

[View the live project here.](https://www.ahcanvas.heroku.com/)

## User Experiences (UX)

### Overall Goals

- To provide an ecommerce solution for a personal business selling our photography in the form of canvas prints for wall mounting. - B2C
- To maintain and update the site with new content.
- To provide a degree of control over the site.
- To provide users with a simple product selection and purchase experience.

### Stratgy Plane

- A&H Canvas is a business to consumer B2C ecommerce site for users to find and purchase beautifully taken photographs for the purpose of wall mounting them in the form of a canvas, each Photogrpah will have different buying options for the user purchase. For the site owner they are able to manage the site content to keep it up to date. The overall design of the site is intended to provide users with a clean and easy to navigate environment whilst providing the level of detail required for the different products. 

### The Site Ideal Users

- Interior designers search for decorating products for homes or offices.
- Someone decorating their home or office. 
- A photography enthusiast that is looking for inspiring prints.

### User Stories

<p align='center'><img src='media/README_MEDIA/User-Stories.jpg'>

## Functional Scope

### Entity relationship Diagram

<p align='center'><img src='media/README_MEDIA/Entity-Relationship.jpg'></p>

### Databases 

<p align='center'><img src='media/README_MEDIA/database-model.jpg'></p>

## Structure

### Wireframes
#### Home Page

<p align='center'><img src='media/README_MEDIA/home-page-wireframe.jpg'></p>

#### Product Details 

<p align='center'><img src='media/README_MEDIA/product-details-wireframe.jpg'></p>

#### Colour Scheme

- With a lot of the photography centering around landscapes and nature I wanted to keep the colour scheme as simple as possible to let the photographs do the talking on the page. 
- The choice of Green and White was used to promote the nature aspect of the photographs and give them a clear chance to shine through on the page.

#### Typography 

- Lato was used for the main font throughout the site as it is clear and easy to read. 
- Kanit was used as the more stylised font for the heading.
